TODO:        
    Turnaround time:
        - Get access to health service folder
        - get bruce to rexport flagged emails
        - run my results, make plots (email out?)
        get myself access to this email chain
        access gmail api to pull these email updates. 
        
        Want to make website displaying this information: 
            
            
            
            
Done:
    Excel mapings:
        - make macro that changes name from 384 plate to 94 plate format
        - sort for easier reading

   Summary file:
        - adding/removing passwords on excel files
        - pulls in data on personal laptop
        - automate sending/recieving encrypted data with github
        - makes results table (if add access to results on health desktop) else Faked
        - combines into a summary table and writes to output file
        - get access to results Folder
            vprewb-users(\\pi11admin.virginia.edu) U:\PVR
        - update to include info about 'total' column (non-tests, see last col of aggregation sheets), run.

     
Mapped both Research Office and Health Dir to Z drive?
how to get health dir? (only on desktop? But got perm. to have on others?)

#%%
Dean Evasius Notes
ex-NSA

co's that do Ram's work (digital science[dimensions]; elsiver[sciVal])
scival 
    researh topics and clusters
    see top institutions
    eg. 
    
try to be data resource from grounds from VPR faculty, school deans, 
type of Q:
     collaberatoin networks (visuzliations for)
        eg. 
            subfield which good at, how to know better 
            (like who, vis if faculty interact or bunch of lone wolfs)
            Draw collaberation group, for past 5yrs DAG for how see how connected
            Papers, citations, 
            He'd suggest shorterm combined to long term: 
                pick 2-3 subfields which good at, how to tell story and what means to be improved in
                    eg. faculty hiring, (more strategic thean improveing average)
                Sociological aspect of how collaberation works 
                    speak w/ others
            Ans: What decision will be made?
                VPR, provost: what to invest in project & people

A week or so
Cheryl Wagner- physical office
    
Dean on Remote: adjusted, but misses unscheduled things

Tools: extent to which want to use them (need requests ) ut balance vs principle first thinking
    could design soup to nuts